
# IMPORTANT!!!

Before this plugin or menu item will work correctly with e107 you will need to rename the directory you're presented with to `wowprogress`. In most cases this can be done
inside the archieve program you use to decompress the tar/zipball.


# WoW Progression Menu

**NOTE: This plugin has yet to be started. It's next on the list of things to do.**

Allows you to show off which kills your guild has made.

# FAQ

That aren't really frequently asked (yet). It should also be known that **the below information is very rough draftesque, meaning it is not set in stone. At all.** Over the course
of the development of this plugin; **this file will more than likely change a lot.** The major problem, and long wait time for this plugin, is due to me getting something in and ready
and then deciding that I could probably do it a better, more effective, way (eg: the adding/removing of bosses/instances, etc).

## How do I add bosses and instances?

Instances and bosses are stored inside an XML file, `dataz.xml`. In order to add the bosses and instances to your database you will need to obtain the latest version of `dataz.xml`
and run the `datapack.php` file, which will load any bosses and instances into your database that do not already exist.

## Will it come preloaded with instances and bosses?

The short answer is yes. The long, probably more appropriate answer is: It **will** include Trial of the Crusader, Icecrown Citadel, and The Ruby Sanctum. Older raids will be added
as time goes on. Cataclysm raids will be added directly after the initial release of the plugin. Now obviously based on how the bosses and instances are handled, this can all change
quickly (for the better, as in more stuff than is mentioned).

## How do I manage the boss kills?

Firstly, you need to set a userclass that is allowed to do so. Secondly.. it's not really worked out yet. This is actually the phase of the plugin that I'm working on currently.

## Does it have support for heroic mode bosses?

Yes. If an instance supports heroic modes you can define whether or not you have killed the normal version of the boss or the heroic version (or both!).

## 10man and 25man support?

Not sure about this yet. Since most guilds only focus on one or the other I'm not really seeing a reason to support both.


# Translations

If you would like to translate this plugin, post the translations on [paste2.org](http://paste2.org/) and [PM](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37) me the URL generated.